Yeah, I kinda forgot about this. I'm not brilliant at remembering this sort of thing, and TBH I tend to work erratically anyway. 
I start this record on 3/7. There was quite a bit of work before that, including like 7 hours just creating the dataset, but I'm not sure when it was.

3/7: 5:25pm -> 6:50pm; worked primarily on ironing out data and converting the strings into usable lists. 
     7:40pm -> 8:40pm; spent a long time failing to put the string->list conversion into a function without really breaking it. Didn't succeed, going to have 
                       to go back to how I was doing it I think. It's sloppy, and repeats the same code a ton, but at least it works. 

3/8: 4:35pm -> 6:05pm; found solution to conversion function. I would have sworn I tried that last night. Whatever, it works now, got started on embedding 
                       it into greater setup function. Spend a lot of time working on Shiny UI and figuring out what and how to visulize with the extremely 
                       unusual dataset I've locked myself into. Mostly going to be percentage-based things (which is stunningly hard, turns out), but I have 
                       some ideas outside of that. Character Crossover, mostly. Script comparison and/or in play comparison. 
                       Note to self: need to update dataset, there have been more archives since I last.
     7:05pm -> 7:40pm; messed more with reactivity. only a somewhat productive session.

3/15:2:00pm -> 6:30pm; Yeah, the last week or so were some of the worst days I've had at college. I finally got it resolved earlier today, and the difference  
                       is night and day. I was able to sit down and toss a stupid amount of time at the problem. And it was really pretty productive, I think. 
                       Obviously, It's not going to be the end of my work time today, I'm going to hopefully have a finished product I can be proud of by end
                       of day tomorrow. I don't like R, but I finally am feeling kinda comfortable with it. Kinda. I still think it's a silly language, and I
                       can't imagine how one would do non-data-science things with it, though I'm sure it's possible. I miss C. I know C.
     7:45pm -> 8:00pm; Had 15 minutes spare, used 15 minutes on coding.
     8:20pm ->11:20pm; I've got a product I would be ok with showing off. The honestly most lackluster part is that I don't have enough games in the dataset
                       to show off what it can really do. There are also definitely other things I want to add to it, but for now, I'm going to make sure what
                       I've got is working and polished. 
                       I'll be honest: it's less impressive than I'd like. There's a decent amount of behind-the-scenes string manipulation that goes into it.
                       I wish it were more flashy, but it is what it is. I'm hoping to incorperate another feature into it tommorrow. I have a few ideas, but
                       in the end, I'm just happy that what I decided would be the core of the project is pretty done. I'm thinking about something like script 
                       win percentage analysis (something I was hoping to do from the start) or analysis as to what characters people like to put on their 
                       custom scripts. Also, a quick something about what the Drunk/Marionette thinks they are. 
                       It's been a really rough week and a half, and it isn't close to over yet. I still have a 7 page paper to write. 
                       NOTE: Need to write out the scripts currently labeled as TPI
